In the last lesson, we saw how to import
all of the functions from a module into a
program.
In this lesson, we're going to learn how
to, only import the particular
functions that we want from a module into
a program without bringing everything in.
So first, I'll look at the, module that
we're working with just to refresh your
memory.
And you'll see we have, 3 functions,
average, square, and square root.
So this time we're going to build a
program, that first only brings
in the average function, then we'll
demonstrate how to import average, and
square.
But with out importing the, square root
function.
So we're going to start a new program,
we're going to call it.
Newtontest2.py.
And so, were going to say, from newton,
import, average.
Before, to import everything, we wrote
import star or asterisk.
But all we wanna do is import the average
function this
time, so well import the average, create a
couple of variables.
And then we're gonna display the average.
Alright so let's save that.
Go back to our command prompt window, type
newtontest2.py and we see that the average
is 138.5.
To demonstrate that that was the only
function that was brought
in, let's try to also display the square
root of nine.
Now watch what happens.
So it printed the, average is 138.5, but
then when we tried to compute
the square root, it gave us an error and
said square root is not defined.
That's because we didn't, import, it into
our program.
Let's say we want to, work with both the
average function, and the square function.
Here we, can add a comma, and then the
next function that we want, square.
After average.
So now we're saying, from the newton
module,
import, just the average function, and the
square function.
So, let's modify this program a little
bit.
I'll just make comments here.
Let's say avg = average(num1.
Num 2, so
now we can compute the square of the
average,
like so so let's, save the program, let's
clear the screen.
And so we have the average, and then the
square of the average.
So, to summarize, we can import only the
functions, that we want from a module,
by specifying them instead of the asterisk
to import all the functions.
So, for example, if I wanted just the
average function,.
I would write, from newton import average,
and if I wanted
average and square, I would write, from
newton, import average and square.
So with that, we wrap this lesson on
[UNKNOWN] to find modules and we are
ready to move to the next lesson where we
are going to talk about module.
Namespaces.